https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beat Generation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nottingham Forest F.C.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aircraft engine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle of Uclés (1809)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian Clough
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suicidal Tendencies
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The Rocky Horror Show
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle of Arcis-sur-Aube
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle of Carillon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle of Craonne
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mormonism and polygamy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iggy Pop
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masters Tournament
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle of Thermopylae
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greg Norman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ned Kelly
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolf Harris
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mia Hamm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Book of Kells
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diamonds Are Forever (film)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tommy (album)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keith Richards
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kyūdō
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1982 FIFA World Cup
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Munich air disaster
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delirium
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maiden Castle, Dorset
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quadrophenia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saturnalia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Descendents
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Composite material
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peregrine falcon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle of Marengo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle of Montmirail
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1990 FIFA World Cup
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raynald of Châtillon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moment of inertia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle of Novi (1799)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stokesay Castle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hybrid vehicle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle of Trebbia (1799)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle of Wagram
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle of Wattignies
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siege of Yorktown
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permafrost
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006 FIFA World Cup
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph Merrick
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle of Cannae
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Romance of the Three Kingdoms
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grace Communion International
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filibuster
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SportsCenter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Group dynamics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gratuity
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diabelli Variations
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winter of Discontent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kol Nidre
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle of the Plains of Abraham
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data General
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lambeth Conference
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William de St-Calais
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lipid bilayer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cosmetics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of Great Britain
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aguirre, the Wrath of God
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star Trek: Insurrection
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joss Whedon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firefly (TV series)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle of Leyte
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward Bernays
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anglo-Zulu War
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Condoleezza Rice
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eucalyptus regnans
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hangzhou
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil Hamilton (politician)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dual (grammatical number)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arnor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adam Mickiewicz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle of Arnhem
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sid Vicious
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mount Athos
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kings Island
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sepsis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Webster's Dictionary
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas Babington Macaulay
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dale Earnhardt Jr.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tamworth, Staffordshire
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pedestrian crossing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/King's College London
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyder Ali
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Book of the Dead
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evander Holyfield
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leopold and Loeb
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Earth Day
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telecommuting
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yu Yu Hakusho
